Changes since 0.11:


Incompatibilites:
* Requires at least MediaWiki 1.26
* If you've made changes to the message displayed at the bottom of the page in [[MediaWiki:number_of_watching_users_pageview]], you'll need to see if it matches what is in [[MediaWiki:whoiswatchingpageview]] on your wiki.
* Note the use of permissions is preferred to globals to allow access to the Special Page


Other Changes:
* Use extension.json
* Remove .i18n.php stub.
* Add rights so that we can use those instead of globals to control access:
** addpagetoanywatchlist: gets to use the special page to add users.
** seepagewatchers: gets to see the watchers.
* Clean up WhoIsWatching::execute() method:
** Use fewer globals.  Use GlobalVarConfig where possible.
** Use protected methods for various parts of the execution path.
** Add stub (WhoIsWatching::eNotifUser()) to later notify editors when their watchlists are changed.
** Add stub (WhoIsWatching::uiNotifyUser()) to later provide better feedback to users of this extension.
** Instead of listing out every user to choose from, provide autocomplete for user selection.
** Instead of showing a confusing "usage" message, provide an autocomplete input box so that the user can select a page to inspect.
** Provide slightly better error messages.
** Refactor to make code more readable.
* Adapted to changes in core MediaWiki since 1.25:
** Moved $wgPageShowWatchingUsers which was removed from core in 1.25 to $whoiswathing_showwatchingusers
** Since the message had to be changed anyway, moved the message from number_of_watching_users_pageview to whoiswatchingpageview
* Remove use of sprintf for i18n construction.
